fix(cloudflare): _routes.json deduplication (#171)
withastro/adapters: .changeset/sharp-cameras-rescue.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': patch
---

> Fixes automatic deduplication of `_routes.json`, which had more complex project structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an error with automatic deduplication of `_routes.json` for more complex project structures
```
